the second lot came out for Simeon for
the second lot came out for Simeon for the tribe of the children of Simeon
the tribe of the children of Simeon
the tribe of the children of Simeon according to their families and their
according to their families and their
according to their families and their inheritance was within the inheritance
inheritance was within the inheritance
inheritance was within the inheritance of the children of Judah they had in
of the children of Judah they had in
of the children of Judah they had in their inheritance Beersheba Sheba Malay
their inheritance Beersheba Sheba Malay
their inheritance Beersheba Sheba Malay de Pays our shul bailar ism l2 LOD
de Pays our shul bailar ism l2 LOD
de Pays our shul bailar ism l2 LOD Bethel Parma Ziklag beth maachah Baath
Bethel Parma Ziklag beth maachah Baath
Bethel Parma Ziklag beth maachah Baath Heiser Sousa Beth Libya and Shay rule 13
Heiser Sousa Beth Libya and Shay rule 13
Heiser Sousa Beth Libya and Shay rule 13 cities and their villages ein Ramon
cities and their villages ein Ramon
cities and their villages ein Ramon ether and Asian four cities and their
ether and Asian four cities and their
ether and Asian four cities and their villages and all the villages that were
villages and all the villages that were
villages and all the villages that were all around these cities as far as bear
all around these cities as far as bear
all around these cities as far as bear laughs beer Rhema of the south
laughs beer Rhema of the south
laughs beer Rhema of the south this was the inheritance of the tribal
this was the inheritance of the tribal
this was the inheritance of the tribal the children of Simeon according to
the children of Simeon according to
the children of Simeon according to their families the inheritance of the
their families the inheritance of the
their families the inheritance of the children of Simeon was included in the
children of Simeon was included in the
children of Simeon was included in the share of the children of Judah for the
share of the children of Judah for the
share of the children of Judah for the share of the children of Judah was too
share of the children of Judah was too
share of the children of Judah was too much for them
much for them
much for them therefore the children of Simeon had
therefore the children of Simeon had
therefore the children of Simeon had their inheritance within the inheritance
their inheritance within the inheritance
their inheritance within the inheritance of that people the third Lord came out
of that people the third Lord came out
of that people the third Lord came out for the children of Zebulun according to
for the children of Zebulun according to
for the children of Zebulun according to their families and the border of their
their families and the border of their
their families and the border of their inheritance was as far as say read their
inheritance was as far as say read their
inheritance was as far as say read their border went toward the west and to
border went toward the west and to
border went toward the west and to Marilyn went to Dabish F and extended
Marilyn went to Dabish F and extended
Marilyn went to Dabish F and extended along the brook that is east of Jack neo
along the brook that is east of Jack neo
along the brook that is east of Jack neo then from ceded it went eastward toward
then from ceded it went eastward toward
then from ceded it went eastward toward the sunrise along the border of gisla
the sunrise along the border of gisla
the sunrise along the border of gisla 'the table and went out toward dabber
'the table and went out toward dabber
'the table and went out toward dabber bypassing Jaffar
bypassing Jaffar
bypassing Jaffar and from there it passed along on the
and from there it passed along on the
and from there it passed along on the east of gasps - toward F Kaizen and
east of gasps - toward F Kaizen and
east of gasps - toward F Kaizen and extended to Rimon which borders on near
extended to Rimon which borders on near
extended to Rimon which borders on near then the border went around it on the
then the border went around it on the
then the border went around it on the north side of Hannover and it ended in
north side of Hannover and it ended in
north side of Hannover and it ended in the valley of chief Burrell included
the valley of chief Burrell included
the valley of chief Burrell included work at Earth mahalo Shimron Edler and
work at Earth mahalo Shimron Edler and
work at Earth mahalo Shimron Edler and Bethlehem 12 cities with their villages
Bethlehem 12 cities with their villages
Bethlehem 12 cities with their villages this was the inheritance of the children
this was the inheritance of the children
this was the inheritance of the children of Zebulun according to their families
of Zebulun according to their families
of Zebulun according to their families these cities with their villages the
these cities with their villages the
these cities with their villages the fourth Lord came out to Ithaca for the
fourth Lord came out to Ithaca for the
fourth Lord came out to Ithaca for the children of this occur according to
children of this occur according to
children of this occur according to their families and their territory went
their families and their territory went
their families and their territory went to Jezreel and included cassileth unum
to Jezreel and included cassileth unum
to Jezreel and included cassileth unum half-frame Shayan and a hearth
half-frame Shayan and a hearth
half-frame Shayan and a hearth rabbit-chi Sheehan Abbas Remus and
rabbit-chi Sheehan Abbas Remus and
rabbit-chi Sheehan Abbas Remus and Gannon and Heder
Gannon and Heder
Gannon and Heder and Beth passes and the border reached
and Beth passes and the border reached
and Beth passes and the border reached to table shia-sama and Beth Shemesh
to table shia-sama and Beth Shemesh
to table shia-sama and Beth Shemesh their border ended at the Jordan 16
their border ended at the Jordan 16
their border ended at the Jordan 16 cities with their villages this was the
cities with their villages this was the
cities with their villages this was the inheritance of the tribe of the children
inheritance of the tribe of the children
inheritance of the tribe of the children of Ithaca according to their families
of Ithaca according to their families
of Ithaca according to their families the cities and their villages the fifth
the cities and their villages the fifth
the cities and their villages the fifth lot came out for the tribe of the
lot came out for the tribe of the
lot came out for the tribe of the children of Asha according to their
children of Asha according to their
children of Asha according to their families and their territory included el
families and their territory included el
families and their territory included el cthe ke liye beaten up chef Allah Moloch
cthe ke liye beaten up chef Allah Moloch
cthe ke liye beaten up chef Allah Moloch Ahmad and Marshall it reached a Mount
Ahmad and Marshall it reached a Mount
Ahmad and Marshall it reached a Mount Carmel westward along the brook shire
Carmel westward along the brook shire
Carmel westward along the brook shire liveth it turned toward the sunrise -
liveth it turned toward the sunrise -
liveth it turned toward the sunrise - Beth Dagon and it reached to Zebulon and
Beth Dagon and it reached to Zebulon and
Beth Dagon and it reached to Zebulon and to the valley of chief through L then
to the valley of chief through L then
to the valley of chief through L then northward beyond Beth emic and knee Isle
northward beyond Beth emic and knee Isle
northward beyond Beth emic and knee Isle by passing cable which was on the Left
by passing cable which was on the Left
by passing cable which was on the Left including Hebron rehab Hammond and
including Hebron rehab Hammond and
including Hebron rehab Hammond and keener as far as greatest Seidel
keener as far as greatest Seidel
keener as far as greatest Seidel and the border turned to Rhema and to
and the border turned to Rhema and to
and the border turned to Rhema and to the fortified city of Tyre and the
the fortified city of Tyre and the
the fortified city of Tyre and the border turned to Hosen and ended at the
border turned to Hosen and ended at the
border turned to Hosen and ended at the sea by the region of Aksum also amma
sea by the region of Aksum also amma
sea by the region of Aksum also amma effec and rehab were included 22 cities
effec and rehab were included 22 cities
effec and rehab were included 22 cities with their villages
with their villages
with their villages this was the inheritance of the tribe of
this was the inheritance of the tribe of
this was the inheritance of the tribe of the children of asha according to their
the children of asha according to their
the children of asha according to their families these cities with their
families these cities with their
families these cities with their villages the 6th lot came out to the
villages the 6th lot came out to the
villages the 6th lot came out to the children of Naphtali for the children of
children of Naphtali for the children of
children of Naphtali for the children of Naphtali according to their families
Naphtali according to their families
Naphtali according to their families their border began at healeth enclosing
their border began at healeth enclosing
their border began at healeth enclosing the territory from the terebinth tree in
the territory from the terebinth tree in
the territory from the terebinth tree in zion annum adam i niqab and jab neo as
zion annum adam i niqab and jab neo as
zion annum adam i niqab and jab neo as far as alaikum it ended at the Jordan
far as alaikum it ended at the Jordan
far as alaikum it ended at the Jordan from healeth the border extended
from healeth the border extended
from healeth the border extended westward to as Nath table and went out
westward to as Nath table and went out
westward to as Nath table and went out from there toward huk huk it had joined
from there toward huk huk it had joined
from there toward huk huk it had joined Zebulon on the south side and Asha on
Zebulon on the south side and Asha on
Zebulon on the south side and Asha on the west side and ended at Judah by the
the west side and ended at Judah by the
the west side and ended at Judah by the Jorgy toward the sunrise and the
Jorgy toward the sunrise and the
Jorgy toward the sunrise and the fortified cities are xe-dom' szura
fortified cities are xe-dom' szura
fortified cities are xe-dom' szura hamath rakov kynareth Adama Rama Heiser
hamath rakov kynareth Adama Rama Heiser
hamath rakov kynareth Adama Rama Heiser Kadesh Adria and Heiser ayran McDowell
Kadesh Adria and Heiser ayran McDowell
Kadesh Adria and Heiser ayran McDowell harem Beth anethe and Beth Shemesh
harem Beth anethe and Beth Shemesh
harem Beth anethe and Beth Shemesh 19 cities were their villages this was
19 cities were their villages this was
19 cities were their villages this was the inheritance of the tribe of the
the inheritance of the tribe of the
the inheritance of the tribe of the children of Naphtali according to their
children of Naphtali according to their
children of Naphtali according to their families the cities and their villages
families the cities and their villages
families the cities and their villages the seventh floor came out for the tribe
the seventh floor came out for the tribe
the seventh floor came out for the tribe of the children of dan according to
of the children of dan according to
of the children of dan according to their families
their families
their families and the territory of their inheritance
and the territory of their inheritance
and the territory of their inheritance was Zora STL shemesh shell abon a jalan
was Zora STL shemesh shell abon a jalan
was Zora STL shemesh shell abon a jalan jeff la Elin Timna air Kron el TECA
jeff la Elin Timna air Kron el TECA
jeff la Elin Timna air Kron el TECA gibbehh fan
gibbehh fan
gibbehh fan bailiff jihad Benny Barack death women
bailiff jihad Benny Barack death women
bailiff jihad Benny Barack death women me jerkin and rockin with the region
me jerkin and rockin with the region
me jerkin and rockin with the region near Joppa and the border of the
near Joppa and the border of the
near Joppa and the border of the children of Dan went beyond these
children of Dan went beyond these
children of Dan went beyond these because the children of Dan went up to
because the children of Dan went up to
because the children of Dan went up to fight against lesion and took it and
fight against lesion and took it and
fight against lesion and took it and they struck it with the edge of the
they struck it with the edge of the
they struck it with the edge of the sword took possession of it and dwelt in
sword took possession of it and dwelt in
sword took possession of it and dwelt in it they called leishan Dan after the
it they called leishan Dan after the
it they called leishan Dan after the name of Dan their father this is the
name of Dan their father this is the
name of Dan their father this is the inheritance of the tribe of the children
inheritance of the tribe of the children
inheritance of the tribe of the children of Dan according to their families these
of Dan according to their families these
of Dan according to their families these cities with their villages when they had
cities with their villages when they had
cities with their villages when they had made an end of dividing the land as an
made an end of dividing the land as an
made an end of dividing the land as an inheritance according to their borders
inheritance according to their borders
inheritance according to their borders the children of Israel gave an
the children of Israel gave an
the children of Israel gave an inheritance among them to Joshua the son
inheritance among them to Joshua the son
inheritance among them to Joshua the son of nun according to the word of the Lord
of nun according to the word of the Lord
of nun according to the word of the Lord they gave him the city which he asked
they gave him the city which he asked
they gave him the city which he asked for Timnath sirrah
for Timnath sirrah
for Timnath sirrah in the mountains of Ephraim and he built
in the mountains of Ephraim and he built
in the mountains of Ephraim and he built the city and dwelt in it these were the
the city and dwelt in it these were the
the city and dwelt in it these were the inheritances which Eleazar the priest
inheritances which Eleazar the priest
inheritances which Eleazar the priest joshua the son of nun and the heads of
joshua the son of nun and the heads of
joshua the son of nun and the heads of the fathers of the tribes of the
the fathers of the tribes of the
the fathers of the tribes of the children of israel divided as an
children of israel divided as an
children of israel divided as an inheritance by loft in Shiloh before the
inheritance by loft in Shiloh before the
inheritance by loft in Shiloh before the Lord at the door of the tabernacle of
Lord at the door of the tabernacle of
Lord at the door of the tabernacle of meeting so they made an end of dividing
meeting so they made an end of dividing
meeting so they made an end of dividing the country